docs: replace image to one which includes ca-certificates (#18068)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/config-management-plugins.md

containers:
- name: my-plugin
  command: [/var/run/argocd/argocd-cmp-server] # Entrypoint should be Argo CD lightweight CMP server i.e. argocd-cmp-server

>   image: registry.access.redhat.com/ubi8 # This can be off-the-shelf or custom-built image

Reviewer: I don't see a reason we need to switch the example to use ubi8 also stick to a registry from RedHat. So I will decline this PR.

Author: As I said, I am open to switch this for another image.

But we should somehow make sure, that this missing `ca-certificates`  issue get's resolved. I literally spend a day trying to find out what was wrong, as I did everything as per documentation.

>   image: registry.access.redhat.com/ubi8 # This can be off-the-shelf or custom-built image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  image: ubuntu # This can be off-the-shelf or custom-built image
```

Will this one work? I agree with @wanghong230 that an example should be simple and I don't see a reason to add something from the RedHat registry.

Reviewer 3: Yeah, ubuntu would be my preference as well
